Add instructions to configure the pre-commit hook for BYOR (#656)
wso2/docs-choreo-dev: en/docs/tutorials/connect-your-existing-ballerina-project-to-choreo.md

         - `git config core.hooksPath <MODULE_ROOT>/.githooks`

        !!! info

>             If the Ballerina module resides at the repository root, exclude `<MODULE_ROOT>/` from the commands. If the Ballerina module resides in a subdirectory, replace `<MODULE_ROOT>/` with the name of that subdirectory.<br/><br/>e.g., If the Ballerina module resides in the root directory, the commands can be as follows:<br/><br/> `chmod +x .githooks/pre-commit`<br/> `git config core.hooksPath .githooks`<br/><br/>If the Ballerina module resides in a subdirectory named `foo`, the commands should be as follows:<br/><br/> `chmod +x foo/.githooks/pre-commit`<br/>`git config core.hooksPath foo/.githooks`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            If the Ballerina module resides at the repository root, exclude `<MODULE_ROOT>/` from the commands. If the Ballerina module resides in a subdirectory, replace `<MODULE_ROOT>/` with the name of that subdirectory.<br/><br/>For example, if the Ballerina module resides in the root directory, the commands can be as follows:<br/><br/> `chmod +x .githooks/pre-commit`<br/> `git config core.hooksPath .githooks`<br/><br/>If the Ballerina module resides in a subdirectory named `foo`, the commands should be as follows:<br/><br/> `chmod +x foo/.githooks/pre-commit`<br/>`git config core.hooksPath foo/.githooks`
```
